lore1:
Since the late 2000's when I started to get hair on my balls, I just <i>knew</i> that the engines of
today just wouldn't work for tommorow. So with a little help from your mom, we made the
revolutionary Cum Engine&trade;. Armed with the title of Cum Engineers, we set out to make the most
efficient, powerful, and affordable engine out there. Along the journey, we perfected the craft of
electroejaculation, ensuring that our farms could produce 100% pure Cum at the most efficient pace
that has ever been seen. Powered by pure semen, our engines will <i>never</i> let you down.

lore2:
We founded a cum engine shop in 1928, with the idea of providing people the ability to buy premium
quality cum products directly from our shop by cutting out the middle man. At the time, almost all
cum engines were home delivered and paid for on a weekly or monthly basis.

During the depression, we worked early mornings together to keep our cum shop running, dedicated to
making our dream of a more perfect world a reality, running cum delivery routes throughout Illinois.
Shop expansion continued through the 60’s and 70’s. In the early 80’s our cum marketing team became
actively involved in the evolution of the Cum Engine&trade; brand. Convinced that cum engine sales could be
expanded significantly by launching a premium line, our cum engineers developed a revolutionary
electroejaculation process in 1982. It offered exotic engines, packed full of high quality cum to make
the best cum products we could.

Cum Engineering magazine rated Cum Engine&trade; Cum Engine Model C the “Number One Exotic Cum Engine” in a
1984 competition. Over 500 engines were submitted by 100 competitors worldwide. Today, Cum Engine&trade;'s
products are still made with pure semen.

Even though Cum Engine&trade; is now enjoyed all over the world, we still have the same simple approach: use
the best semen to make the best engines. So, whether you're an amateur consumer or a certified cum
professional, you’ll always get cum engines made with master craftsmanship.
